Add `Packages.build_recursive`; shortwire already built packages (#1097)
oscar-system/GAP.jl: CHANGES.md

  - orb
  - profiling
  - simpcomp
- Add `GAP.Packages.build_recursive(name)`

> - `GAP.Packages.build(name)` no longer tries to build the package if it is
>   already installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change `GAP.Packages.build(name)` to no longer try to build the package if
  it is already installed
```
